docs/aws: update AWS deploy docs after testing (#491)
pingcap/tidb-operator: deploy/aliyun/README.md

`terraform apply` will take 5 to 10 minutes to create the whole stack, once complete, basic cluster information will be printed:

> > **Note:** You can use `terraform output` command to get these information again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** You can use the `terraform output` command to get this information again.
```
